Tips for Personalizing Your High School Resume Template: 
(https://www.livecareer.com/resume-templates/high-school-resume-template)

Employers are looking for competent individuals who will make a significant contribution to their company. As an entry-level candidate, you will want to highlight what makes you different than all of the other applicants. Use the six tips below to write an exceptional resume that showcases your potential.

1.	Think of the top half of your resume as the most influential. Command the hiring manager’s attention at a glance. Use a summary statement to give a brief yet poignant description of yourself in relation to your ability to work the job you are applying for.

2.	Make your contact information neat and use a professional email address. If you do not have a professional email address, create one. This is the most important part of your contact information and should not reflect negatively on you.

3.	Use a reverse chronological and/or functional format to list your skills and qualifications. Being new to the workforce, you may want to use a functional format that will focus on your knowledge and skills over experience. Use our high school resume template to make this outline effortless.

4.	Build solid accomplishment statements. Keep the descriptions short but impactful. Always start sentences with an active verb, and describe the impact in quantifiable terms. For example: “Assisted the chemistry teacher with class preparation, writing her notes on the chalkboard and setting up each table with the necessary equipment for each day’s experiments over the course of two semesters.”

5.	Use the job description to your advantage. Many jobs will use an Applicant Tracking System to help weed through the contenders. Look at the job description and note significant words or phrases. Use those in your resume, especially for any online submissions.

6.	Freshen up your experience and education sections. Include any relevant coursework, internships or volunteer work. Include your high school in the education section when it is the highest level of education you have received. If you have not yet graduated, note your anticipated graduation, or write “in progress” where you would normally put the date of graduation.
